libbsd 0 doubango
libX11 6 doubango
libXau 6 doubango
libXdmcp 6 doubango
libXext 6 doubango
libXfixes 3 doubango
libasound 2 doubango
libcrypto 1.0.0 doubango
libcrystalhd 3 doubango
libdrm 2 doubango
libgsm 1 doubango
libicudata 60 doubango
libicuuc 60 doubango
libnuma 1 doubango
libopencore-amrnb 0 doubango
libopencore-amrwb 0 doubango
libopenjp2 7 doubango
libopus 0 doubango
libspeex 1 doubango
libspeexdsp 1 doubango
libsrtp 0 doubango
libssl 1.0.0 doubango
libva-drm 2 doubango
libva-x11 2 doubango
libva 2 doubango
libvdpau 1 doubango
libvo-amrwbenc 0 doubango
libwavpack 1 doubango
libwebp 6 doubango
libwebpmux 3 doubango
libx264 152 doubango
libx265 146 doubango
libxcb 1 doubango
libxml2 2 doubango
libxvidcore 4 doubango
libavcodec 54 doubango
libavcodec 57 doubango
libavutil 52 doubango
libavutil 55 doubango
libiLBC 0 doubango
libopenh264 1 doubango
libswresample 2 doubango
libswscale 2 doubango
libswscale 4 doubango
libtinyBFCP 0 doubango
libtinyDAV 0 doubango
libtinyHTTP 0 doubango
libtinyIPSec 0 doubango
libtinyMEDIA 0 doubango
libtinyMSRP 0 doubango
libtinyNET 0 doubango
libtinyRTP 0 doubango
libtinySAK 0 doubango
libtinySDP 0 doubango
libtinySIGCOMP 0 doubango
libtinySIP 0 doubango
libtinySMS 0 doubango
libtinyWRAP 0 doubango
libtinyXCAP 0 doubango
libvpx 5 doubango
